Questions
Question 1: Briefly comment on the trends you see in the gut microbiota throughout the first week.
	We can see that in the first week all of the microbiome are bacteria that are part of the Terrabacteria group. We can also see that during the first and last days of the week the abundance of the Actinobacteria is high but during the middle of the week it is low. The majority of the bacteria in the gut are Enterococcus faecalis which makes sense since this is a sample that represents the gut. Maybe if it was a study of the face or the body the majority of the bacteria would be similar to the mom's bacteria. We can also see that a big chunk of out data are Staphylococcus epidermis bacteria that could have been recovered when getting the sample. It would also make sense since this type of bacteria is present anywhere there is skin (epidermis). In my Krona chart it says that 50% are other bacteria, which may be bacteria that has not been classified yet but when I was sorting through the data, in the KRAKEN files there wasn't any samples that were "unknown" or "other. 

Question 2: What metrics in the contigs can we use to group them together?
We can compare the data that we have with published data of known microorganisms. We want our contigs to have enough data so that when we compare it with a database we get accurate results. We also want our contigs to be small enough so that we don't include any parts that may be unnecessary or that are part of sequencing errors or that do not match any other sequences because of their poor quality. Similarly, we also want to be large enough to differentiate between each other. Besides its raw sequence, it could also be favourable to do various types of grouping to get accurate results. For instance, it could be useful to compare the samples by GC content.  

Question 3:
(A) How many bins did you get?
By studying the assembly.fasta.depth.txt file we can see that we got a total of 4104 results.
(B) Roughly what percentage of the assembly do they represent?
It depends because some of the bins I got are of large sizes (1.44e+06) and other are very small (1000)
(C) Do you think the sizes of each bin look about right, based on what you know about the size of prokaryotic genomes?
Some do and some don't. I got bins of different sizes and this may happen because we may not have enough data about a certain bacteria (because there wasn't enough in the sample to begin with) or because it was really hard to compare with the reference (maybe this happens with unknown bacteria more often). The average size of the bacteria genome is 3.87Mba and, judging by my date that is mostly around 400,000, we could have less the 40% coverage. Meaning that our bin sizes may reflect only a fraction of the total genome of out bacteria. 
(D) How would you estimate how complete and how contaminated each bin is?
By looking at the size of my bins to the databases to understand the average coverage of my sample data. I would also look at bin sizes between my own samples. If I have a large range of sizes (and not just a couple of samples that are too big or too small) I would think that either the quality of my data is not the best or the computational approach I am using could be improved.

Question 4:
(A) What are your predictions for each bin?
In each of my files I will have several genomes because there isn't one type of bacteria in the sample. I would expect that the genomes I have there are part of the bacteria representatives in the sample. When I was parsing through the files I also saw that the genome size is quite small compared to the normal genome size of bacteria. This may be because the genome size and sequence in my file may be enough to differentiate between the types of bacteria. I would also predict that the number of genomes in my bin files is bigger then those in the KRAKEN files because there could potentially be unidentified bacteria in my sample. The KRAKEN file that i have only lists known bacteria. 
(B) This approach to classification is fast, but not very quantitative. Propose one method to more robustly infer the taxonomy of a metagenomic bin.
Maybe organise the bins though the different classifications. Sort the bins similarly to what Krona does. 

Question 5: Compare the results of the individual genome abundance analysis to the conclusions you derived from looking at the read taxonomy distributions (from Step 1). Do they agree with each other? What is different?
They are pretty similar. Enterococcus faecalis keeps being the bacteria of majority abundance in the samples throughout the week. This is followed by Staphylococcus epidermis which we saw was the second most abundant type of bacteria in our samples. The majority of the samples from the individual genome abundance analysis are the same in the taxonomy distributions but there are some species like Leuconostoc citreum that is not presented in the taxonomy distributions. This is interesting because the abundance of this species is higher than other species that were listed in both approaches. This could be because the abundance data could be more accurate since we are looking at the abundances of genomes within our samples directly. This is also a good representation of why its good to look at data from different perspectives and approaches, to get a better visualization of the data. 